Encourage coarser mags when annotating a high number of voxels (#8961)
scalableminds/webknossos: docs/volume_annotation/import_export.md

Icon to open the materialize volume annotation dialog
///

This button opens up a dialog that starts a long-running job which will materialize the volume annotation.

## Restricting magnifications

WEBKNOSSOS allows data annotation in different magnifications.
Restricting the available magnifications can greatly improve the performance when annotating large structures, such as nuclei, since the volume data does not need to be stored in all quality levels. 
How to read: Mag 1 is the most detailed, 4-4-2 is downsampled by factor 4 in x and y, and by factor 2 in z.

> When annotating large structures, consider restricting the available magnifications in this specific annotation or in this volume annotation layer.

Reviewer: I think, there is a slight misunderstanding regarding how things can be restricted. let me try to clear this up a bit:

```suggestion
When annotating large structures, consider restricting the available magnifications in the volume annotation layer(s).
The restriction can be defined when a new volume layer is created (either when an annotation is created or when a new volume layer is added to an annotation).
```

### Restricting magnifications for a whole annotation

Go to the dataset dashboard. Click on the three dots next to `New Annotation` for the dataset you want to annotate. Use the slider to restrict the volume magnifications, e.g. by omitting the finest magnification, which is usually 1-1-1, or the two finest magnifications.

> ### Restricting magnifications for volume annotation layers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Restricting magnifications when adding a new volume annotation layer
```
